"My parents used to scramble to find babysitters, so they could take my little brother to do stuff."
"If you break that girl's heart, I will kill you. That's just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl's heart, I will literally kill you and your entire family."
"My perfect Valentine's day? I'm at home, three cell phones in front of me, fielding desperate calls from people who want to buy one of the fifty restaurant reservations I made over six months ago."
"Sometimes I get so bored I just want to scream, and then sometimes I actually do scream. I just sort of feel out what the situation calls for."
"Michael is like Mozart, and I’m like Butch Cassidy. You mess with Mozart and you’re gonna get bullet in your head, courtesy of Butch Cassidy."
Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors.
"Reverse psychology is an awesome tool. I don't know if you guys know about it, but, basically, you make someone think the opposite of what you believe. And that tricks them into doing something stupid. Works like a charm."
It is St. Patrick's Day...It is the closest that the Irish will ever get to Christmas.
"I don't understand. We have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but he didn't even work here."
"It's a pimple, Phyllis. Avril Lavigne gets them all the time and she rocks harder than anyone alive."
Is there something besides 'Mexican' you prefer to be called? Something less offensive?
"Don't ever, for any reason, do anything for anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. No matter where. Or who, or who you are with, or where you are going or... or where you've been... ever. For any reason, whatsoever."
"No, Rose, they are not breathing. And they have no arms or legs...Where are they? You know what? If we come across somebody with no arms or legs do we bother resuscitating them? I mean, what quality of life do we have there?"
"Abraham Lincoln once said that, 'If you're a racist, I will attack you with the North.' And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace."
They say that your wedding day goes by in such a flash that you're lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake. I say that's crazy. I say let them eat cake. Margaret Thatcher said that about marriage. Smart broad.
"Stanley just drank OJ out of my mug, and didn't seem to realize that it wasn't his hot coffee. So the question has to be asked, is there no limit to what he won't notice?"
"My ex is meeting my sex. Which is always scary, you know? And not just because you think they might talk about your penis. That's just part of it."
Life is short. Drive fast and leave a sexy corpse. That's one of my mottos.
There's a lot of beauty in ordinary things. Isn't that kind of the point?
"Two weeks ago, I was in the worst relationship of my life. She treated me poorly, we didn't connect, I was miserable. Now, I am in the best relationship of my life, with the same woman. Love is a mystery."
I’m an early bird and I’m a night owl. So I’m wise and I have worms.
"Here it is, heart of New York City, Times Square... named for the good times you have when you're in it."
I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It's every parents' dream.
"I'm gonna intimidate him, ok? Watch this....So anyways, she said that is the biggest penis I have ever scene and I said I know! That's why I brought you to the penis museum, where tickets are a thousand dollars."
You're a perfectly fine toilet... I'm just an extraordinary piece of crap.
How to take off a woman's bra: You just twist your hand until something breaks.
"You will not die! Stanley! Stanley! Barack is President! You are black, Stanley!"
"I don't want any special treatment, Pam. I just want you to treat me like you would some family member who's undergone some sort of serious physical trauma. I don't think that's too much to ask."
"I want today to be a beautiful memory that the staff and I share after I have passed on to New York. And if Toby is a part of it, then it'll suck."
"Michael Scott's Dunder-Mifflin Scranton Meredith Palmer Memorial Celebrity Rabies Awareness Fun Run Race For The Cure, this is Pam."
Yeah. Phyllis called me Michael. And I will always and forever be haunted by that fact.
I think Angela might be gay. Could Oscar and Angela be having a gay affair? Maybe! Is that what this is about?
That was offensive and lame. So double offensive. This is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here.
Ultimatums are key. Basically nobody does anything for me anymore unless I threaten to kill myself.
"Oh, this is gonna feel so good getting this thing off my chest... that's what she said."
"Michael Scott: Why am I so sad? Am i doing the wrong thing?
Jim Halpert: Absolutely not. It's just that sometimes goodbyes are a bitch."
I got away with everything under the last boss and it wasn't good for me. So I want guidance. I want leadership. Lead me... when I'm in the mood to be led.
"Maybe we weren't right together, but, it's weird. I'd rather she be alone than with somebody. Is that love?"
Sometimes I feel like everyone I work with is an idiot. And by sometimes I mean all times. All the times. Every of the times!
"I know you saw me with the Senator. I think I'm in love, possibly for the first time. So yes, Senator Lipton and I are having an affair. I hope that I can count on your sensitivity, maturity, and discretion."
"Identity theft is not a joke, Jim! Millions of families suffer every year."
"Jim:Wow it's a little early for ice cream don't you think?
Michael:It's never too early for ice cream, Jim. But we didn't have any ice cream, so this is mayonnaise and black olives. It's comfort food, alright?"
"Oh, look! A Sbarro. My favorite New York pizza joint. And I'm going to go get me a New York slice!"
I am about to do something very bold in this job that I've never done before... try.
"Michael always says, 'K-I-S-S, keep it simple, stupid.' Great advice, hurts my feelings every time."
"Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that's baloney because grief isn't wrong. There's such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown."
"You may look around and see two groups here: white collar, blue collar. But I don't see it that way, and you know why not? Because I am collar-blind."
I haven't had so much fun since seeing Zooey Deschannel at the Coacharilla music festival.
"Well, well, well, how the turntables."
We're all homos. Homo... Sapiens.
I feel God in this Chili's tonight.
"Yes, I have a dream, and it's not some MLK dream for equality. I want to own a decommissioned lighthouse. And I want to live at the top. And nobody knows I live there. And there's a button that I can press, and launch that lighthouse into space.""
"I really like Andy these days. He's pretend, and he does exactly as I tell him to. All that will change when real Andy comes back tomorrow. Unless he comes back as pretend Dwight. In which case, we're in for an epic, confusing showdown."
Growing up I performed my own circumcision.
"I miss Dwight. Congratulations, universe. You win."
You cheated on me? When I specifically asked you not to?
Saw Inception. Or at least I dreamt I did.
"Oh God, my mind is going a mile an hour."
I have got to make sure that YouTube comes down to tape this.
It's not like booze ever kil*** anyone.
"I mean, I'm not a slut but who knows."
"I talk a lot, so I learn to tune myself out."
"I'm in love with Kelly Kapoor. And I don't know how I'm gonna feel tomorrow or the next day or the day after that, but I do know that right here, right now, all I can think about is spending the rest of my life with her. Again, that could change."
At first I drove myself crazy thinking about the things I should have done differently. I never should have played that joke on Erin. I never should have hollowed out this damn pumpkin in the first place. Then I realized that I was being silly. I mean the pumpkin should rot off of my head in a month or two. Right?
"I think it's great that the company's making a commercial, because not very many people have heard of us. I mean, when I tell people I work at Dunder Mifflin, they think that we sell mufflers or muffins or mittens or...and frankly, all of those sound better than paper, so I let it slide."
I hate so much about the things you choose to be.
Hate to see you leave but love to watch you go. 'Cause of your butt.
"Well, happy birthday Jesus. Sorry that your party's so lame."
It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore.
Do you think that doing alcohol is cool?
Look at those wrinkles. Blacks do crack. Not crack the drug.
"Holly is ruining Michael's life. He thinks she is so special, and she's so not. Her personality is like a 3. Her sense of humor is a 2. Her ears are like a 7 and a 4. Add it all up and what do you get? 16. And he treats her like she's a perfect 40. It's nuts."
"There's this thing that people tend to do with billboards. How do I put this? If there's an opportunity for a graffiti artist to work in a... phallic shape, interacting with the artwork, it'll happen, and Andy gave them that opportunity."
I haven't proposed to anyone in years.
There are two things I am passionate about: recycling and revenge.
A real man swallows his vomit when a lady is present.
"Get a friend, loser."
"When I was a teenager, I was in an iron lung."
"When I was five, I imagined that there was such a thing as a unicorn. And this was before I had even heard of one, or seen one. I just drew a picture, of a horse, that could fly over rainbows, and a had a huge spike in its head. I was five! Five-years-old. Couldn't even talk yet."
I overslept. Damn rooster didn't crow.
Smoking is gonna save lives.
It's simply beyond words. It's incalculable.
"Jim and I are great friends. We hang out a ton, mostly at work."
"I think sometimes people are really mean to the hot, popular girl."
I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good.
It was on company property, with company property. So, double jeopardy, we're fine. Oh, I'm sorry. What is, 'we're fine'?"
The eyes are the groin of the face.
Mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault.
"Bros before ho**. Why? Because your bros are always there for you. They've got your back after your hoe rips your heart out for no good reason. And you were nothing but great to your ho*. And you told her she was the only ho* for you. And that she was better than all the other hoes in the world. And then, suddenly she is not your ho* no mo."
"I enjoy having breakfast in bed. I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me. And since I don't have a butler, I do it myself. So most nights before I go to bed, I will lay six strips of bacon out on my George Foreman Grill. Then I go to sleep. When I wake up, I plug in the grill, I go back to sleep again. Then I wake up to the smell of crackling bacon."
"I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail. I feel like I'm dying inside. I feel like Neve Campbell in Scream II. She thinks she can go off to college and be happy and then the murderer comes back and starts killing off all of her friends. I learned a lot of lessons from that movie, this is just one of them."
"I'm making some cosmetic tweaks to help create a more appealing environment. Is that dishonest? Well, think of it this way: when you look in the mirror and you see your push-up bra and your fake eyelashes and your make-up and your press-on nails; the principles that I am applying to the office are the same ones that have made Lady Gaga a star... or any number of drag queens."
"The Schrutes have a word for when everything in a man's life comes together perfectly. Perfectenschlag. Right now, I am in it. I finally get a chance to prove myself to corporate. I am assembling a competent team. I am likely a father. I am so deep inside of perfectenschlag right now. And, just to be clear, there is a second definition, 'perfect pork anus', which I don't mean."
"Hi Holly, it's Michael. I just wanted to call and let you know that I was thinking about what you said, it's just... you know? It's weird, today I ended up seeing a lot of the women that I used to date, and in my mind they were all great, and then when I actually saw them it was mostly a freak show. And you and me, that must've been a real train wreck. You know what? Holly, you're wrong. You are wrong. I remember every second of us, and talking to you today, I-don't-feel for them anything like what I feel for you. It's... I didn't joke with any of them, I joked with you, you were the only one who was actually happy to hear from me, and I don't know why you downgraded what we had, but I did not make us up. Ok. Oh, and you might... you should talk to a doctor because you might have herpes. Bye!"
"The world sends people your way. Ryan came to me through a temp agency. Andy was transferred here. No idea where Creed came from. The point is, you just have to play with the cards that you're dealt. Jim, that guy is an Ace. Dwight is my King up my sleeve. Phyllis is my Old Maid. Oscar is my Queen. That's easy. Give me a hard one. That's what Oscar said. Toby is the Instruction Card you throw away, Pam is a solid 7, and you know, Ryan is probably like a 2. Sometimes 2s can be wild, so watch out. And I'm obviously the Joker."